Jai Hind Welcome to a new informative video.
Today in this video we will talk
about ICC Bank has come up with a
very good health policy for its customers.
You will be surprised to see the premium and wonder how the
premium can be so low
because you must have noticed that today
if someone above 30-35 years of age goes
to any insurance company to
buy a health policy then the premium is
not less than 25 to 30 thousand but
ICC Bank has come up with the best policy in
which the maximum premium is 14
to 15000 no matter how old you are. So
friends if you like our channel please like and
subscribe because
on our channel we bring all the information related to banking,
whatever is for your benefit,
for you first. So please
like and subscribe friends
we show facts on our channel so
without talking about anything else
I will first show you the premium, so first of all
we will go
to the premium only, then we will
tell you all the features of this policy, what are the features, so first of all
we will look at the premium.
What are the premiums in this because first of all
someone says that you are paying the premium,
after telling the whole story then he says
that the premium is this, so friends we have come to the
premium page, now see
friends inside it is this same issued
samvishor, it means how much does your
total family take, then how much will it cost
you, up to how much treatment can you get done,
so first of all let us see the
slabs inside it, up to 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25
lakh, 50 lakh, 75 lakh, this is
only for the customers of ICC Bank,
if you do not have an account in ICC Bank, then
you can also take this policy by opening an account immediately, so
friends if you
come for a policy of 10 lakh, individual
means single, if you
take a policy of one crore, then see the premium of your policy of only one crore,
8278278 only, which was possible earlier,
but a bank like ICC Bank has
brought a facility for its customers,
in such a company you can take a policy of 1 crore,
whereas today's date for taking a policy of 1 crore  I
can talk to you about any other premium, at least from any other health policy from any company, so the
premium will not be so high, I
can guarantee this much, what is there after this,
see in Van Adult Van Kit, if you
are alone and want to add a child along with you, then it
is ₹943, if there is one adult and two children then it is
₹10000, ₹51, if you are husband-wife and
want to add two adults, then it is two adults
and one child, then it is 14272, with two adults and two
children it is
16678,
friends, this premium is such that
if you see, if you somehow get it,
then you can directly
visit the branch of ICC Bank and inquire at
ICC Cell 360 and get the policy done,
everything is printed in it,
I have downloaded it from ICC Bank Lombard itself
and all the
premium is clearly written in it, how much can you do,
after this we will go to
what are the benefits in this policy, you have
seen the premium, so first of all see the benefits in it
What is inside
10 lakh 15 lakh 20 lakh 25 lakh 50 lakh 75
lakh 1 crore Look inside this, 60 + 90 means
pre-hospital means
whatever expenses you have 60 days before going to the hospital
and
after 90 days after discharge from the hospital, you can claim all that in this policy
because earlier you must have seen any health policy, there was a
concept of 30 plus 60
but here it is 60 plus 90 or the concept is that
whatever claim you take for 90 days, if the
doctor has prescribed any kind of preparation for you, then if
you take it, then you will get the money for
90 days in post hospice and
before the disease is surrendered, whatever claim you take for 60 days,
whatever test you get done,
you will get the money for that in this policy, even if
you go for C plan, after that
see, everything is in it,
see air ambulance is covered in it, in this you
also have first aid care facility, in this policy
you were given yearly health checkup, help check in
this  In the policy, if you go for a small free
help, then you incur an
expense of Rs. 5000. So, you take this policy,
along with that
you also get a health checkup done for free, it has everything else
inside it, there is
no such product in it, whatever the
concern may be at any time, there is a wellness
program of ICC Lombard, so
friends, as you have seen, this policy has
such a great policy bank, Data
Express, see Data Expense is inside it, it has a
360 degree program, everything
is in it, this policy has air ambulance cover, pet
cover after 30 days
and after that there is no capping of beds in it,
now there is no capping of weight
that you should have a capping of beds,
see, hospitals have a high limit in it, from
10 lakh to one crore, which we have
talked about, in this there is Ayush Bharat also,
you can also do treatment in the hospitals inside it, there is
home health care, there is claim protector
and pre and post unlimited rest
benefit, there is health checkup
facility in it as we have mentioned  It has been discussed
that if you do anything else for the whole year, then this much
expense remains, the
cheaper the offer that ICC Lombard
is giving to its customers, so friends,
if you have a policy of any other bank,
any insurance company, then you
can compare it once, if
you want more knowledge about it, then
you can
go to any branch of ICC Lombard or ICC Bank and find out about this policy
name 360, you can take the
policy, you can take the policy in minutes, you
can take the policy up to one crore and
you will hardly find it so cheap anywhere else, so
friends, I hope that the video was very
informative, so please like
and subscribe, thank you very much